# HTTP Sniffer User License Agreement

## Privacy Permission

We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality, and necessity to collect and use your personal information generated during the use of this product or service. This information is only used to improve software quality and will not be disclosed or shared with anyone or any organization. If you do not wish to report this data, you can turn it off in the app settings. The information collected by this product only includes the following parts:

1. System information, including model, version, memory, CPU instruction set type.
2. Logs generated by software crashes.

We will never collect, upload, or store users' identity information, including cookies, accounts, keys, network packet content, data interfaces, personal privacy, history, and other app information.

## Function Risk

1. The cache generated during the operation of this app may contain your sensitive information (including passwords, cookies, etc.), please be sure to clean it up in time, or close this app when performing sensitive data operations.
2. If the laws of your region prohibit software programs of this type, you should comply with local laws and uninstall this app immediately.

## Prohibited Actions

Under no circumstances may you perform any of the following prohibited actions in this app:

1. It is forbidden to use this app for any illegal activities such as malicious attacks on network data, making plugins, stealing data, etc.;
2. It is forbidden to debug and modify network data of other hosts, IPs, and apps without official authorization;
3. It is forbidden to reverse engineer this app itself (including but not limited to decompiling, modifying the installation package, modifying signature information, etc.), or attempt to modify the functions of this app in other ways;
4. It is forbidden to release any version of this app not officially released by us to any channel without our authorization.

## Disclaimer

You acknowledge and agree that we are not liable for any damages that may result from any of the following situations, including but not limited to loss of property, income, data, or other forms of intangible loss:

1. If you violate this agreement or related service terms, we have the right to take measures according to the nature of your behavior, including but not limited to interrupting the license, stopping the service, restricting use, and legal action. At the same time, we will cooperate with judicial authorities as required to assist in the investigation;
2. If you violate this agreement or related service terms and cause any third-party damage, you shall bear the responsibility independently;
3. If the service of this app cannot be used normally due to force majeure such as typhoon, earthquake, tsunami, flood, power outage, war, terrorist attack, etc.;
4. If the system service is interrupted or delayed due to hacker attacks, technical adjustments or failures of telecom departments, system maintenance, etc.; if the system service is interrupted, terminated, or delayed due to government orders, changes in laws and regulations, orders or rulings of judicial and administrative authorities, etc.

---

**If you agree to all the above terms, please click the "Accept" button below**